"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken."-Oscar Wilde   
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I\'m not sure about the universe."-Albert Einstein  
"So many books, so little time."-Frank Zappa  
"A room without books is like a body without a soul."-Marcus Tullius Cicero  
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don\'t matter, and those who matter don\'t mind."-Bernard M. Baruch  
"You\'ve gotta dance like there\'s nobody watching"-William W. Purkey  
"You know you\'re in love when you can\'t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams."-Dr. Seuss  
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough."-Mae West  
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world."-Mahatma Gandhi  
"In three words I can sum up everything I\'ve learned about life: it goes on."-Robert Frost  
"If you want to know what a man\'s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals."-J.K. Rowling  
"Don\'t walk in front of me... I may not follow"-Albert Camus  
"If you tell the truth, you don\'t have to remember anything."-Mark Twain  
"Friendship... is born at the moment when one man says to another"-C.S. Lewis  
"I\'ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."-Maya Angelou  
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you."-Elbert Hubbard  
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all."-Oscar Wilde  
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much."-Oscar Wilde  
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that."-Martin Luther King Jr.  
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."-Mahatma Gandhi  
"We accept the love we think we deserve."-Stephen Chbosky  
"Without music, life would be a mistake."-Friedrich Nietzsche  
"Insanity is doing the exact... same fucking thing... over and over again expecting... shit to change...""-Vaas Montenegro